Uncle handsome, this is my mother's design
You must accept my mother
He's very talented.
The little uncle has something to do first
See you.
Hello, this is my resume.
Guan Yingying Su Shan
Why did he come for the interview?
Could he know that Yan Ting is a cultivator?
Hey, you don't remember me.
I'm Su Ran.
No, I will never let Su Ran
There is a chance to get close to Brother Yan Ting
We are college classmates
Back in college?
Our Miss Su is an interview
It's not a party with old classmates
Excuse me?
I was so excited.
Miss Su, please come back
You were passed
Why is that?
You haven't read my resume yet
You don't meet the requirements for our interview
Next
Your company hires so hastily
Companies like this can't help but
How was the interview, mom?
Not so good.
It's all my fault if it wasn't for me
Mom doesn't have to work so hard to find a job
What are you thinking?
This one doesn't work, there's another one.
Don't worry.
Mom will keep working hard, okay?
All right, Mum.
Let's go then. Hmm.
Susan actually has a child
Is it a cultivation class?
No, I'm going to figure it out.